# XConnect
XConnect, a platform that integrates these MSMEs into Walmart’s supply chain.
Our solution aims to revolutionize Walmart's supply chain by unlocking the full potential of Indian MSMEs. We will create a dynamic platform that provides a comprehensive list of Indian suppliers specializing in top e-commerce export products, including apparel, tea, jewelry, herbal supplements, hair masks, home decor, toys, electronics, pharmaceuticals, and bicycles.

To enhance the visibility and accessibility of these suppliers, our platform will feature an interactive map of India, color-coded to showcase each state's specialization. For instance one can search the state listed and search any of the commodities listed and find the %tage of exporters in that state with marked districts in that state showing the exporters of that commodities. For example : if you search for gujrat and textile and apparel commodity then you will be shown the map of gujrat with marked discricts with markers on the districsts accoring to the exporters of that commodity like surat will be marked with more markers as it exports more textile and apparels rest districts of gujrat are also marked accordingly.    Our objective is to :  By enhancing the visibility and accessibility of Indian MSMEs, the platform aims to facilitate a more effective and diversified supply chain for Walmart, reducing dependency on China and unlocking the full export potential of Indian enterprises. The ultimate goal is to strengthen Walmart's supply chain, boost economic growth for Indian MSMEs, and create a more resilient sourcing strategy for Walmart.
